it's popping look man what's your name I
would wanna be when you grow up yeah
classic
ain't nothing sweet about it coming from
the bottom of my life I've been in so
many fights I can't shoot it you gotta
understand there's nothing to speak
about in money no stay focused I was
told to get my money riding crying
harder don't spend a dollar 400 and I
can buy me like a hundred next ain't one
I just wanna jump in front of honey Mike
story said she loved me and she really
want a son of mine I don't feel the same
way and I don't even wanna try I just
wanna do my thing I ain't even gonna lie
hypnotise I'm trying to get my boy some
I found a real nigga on the grind money
so he thought his money focus on his
goals he determined that he cut a shiny
the type of man who shares bill when
it's suppertime
never show fear help us this night get
it typed the smile when he always in a
problem
my life I've been in so many fights I
kept shooting they got burned the strike
my life just think about it in my life
I'm on the road kid money fucking hate
it if you family need a favor just
Harlow weekend paper pearl we call it
fast money I'm gonna chase it take it
all if your chain is long and I can find
you you take it off I want your baby
mama touch trip take it off it's my
drink make you strong rubbing talking
don't take life born in Canada my family
in Jamaica dog the monomer is the day my
fam is well yeah they made me strong I'm
all slaughtered you wanna call the pound
again you can hold it down brown flame
right back pocket when I roll around
holy cow start niggas ridin know we're
never hide in our projects
there's nothing to speak about it if
they get your money payin if you help my
life